[Music]
It was so dark in the room when I kissed
you in the moon. And the clover bloomed
like
perfume. And they say there's silk in
the cotton
moon. Silk in the cotton
[Music]
moon. In the land every kid can in the
grass like skin like catfish. Fins like
liver. And the silver fish in the
river. Fish in the river.
[Music]
And I hope the dog woods bloom bright
white like I
li and there's ve on the food
lines. Ve on the food lines.
And hope I die in the night. Dreaming
dreams of June and banjo tunes like
yellow. And I hear the liies bloom.
Sand blooming sand.
[Music]
I know darkness, death does hearken.
Hard to stick
around in the sudden starkness. When we
dark and waves beat down the sound, but
there's gold in the
mountain. I'll cut the top off. Make
that
[Music]
felt in the land of a kid. In the grass
like skin like catfish, fins like
leather, and the silver fish in the
river. Fish in the river.
[Music]